# OSGi-SA-Assignment
This is an OSGi system implementation of the producer (Publisher) – Consumer situation.  Microkernel Architecture was used in this program, and this was deployed by Eclipse Equinox.  Our Group creates this simple OSGI architecture for Filling Station Service. Microkernel  Architecture was used to create this Filling station Service Which was built with Java and Apache  Felix OSGI Framework. There are separate service bundles as producers (Publisher) and to  consume that service as a consumer. To get best practices of the OSGi we used producer service  interface only not the implementation Consumers can work through the interfaces. This Micro Kernel architecture is based on the Automated Filling Station System. There is four  Producer (Publisher) with four Consumers. Four Consumers and Producers are Employee, Refueling, Gas and Charging. This filling station offers not only refueling but also gas delivery  and recharging services for electronic vehicles. This system is designed to manage all these  transaction data. In here the consumers are fulfill with two crud operations which are inserting and  reading. Here 04 calculations are done for 04 consumers. In the employee consumer, the employee  salary is calculated based on the number of hours worked and the number of OT hours worked.  Here the hourly payment is determined. Refueling consumer calculates the amount consumed by  each type of fuel. Gas consumers are calculated based on the amount of gas consumed per cylinder.  Charging consumers are calculated based on the number of hours charged. Here is the cost of  charging per hour. Finally, we use JFrame to inbuilt the interfaces for the presenting the  implementation of the system. 
